extend env vignette for common trap, closes #6031 (#6923)
Rdatatable/data.table: vignettes/datatable-programming.Rmd

DT[, j, env = list(j = j)]
```

### Common mistakes

It is important to understand the difference between passing an object and a name that points to an object. See the verbose output of following examples.

```{r obj_vs_objname}
DT[, fun(Petal.Width), env = list(fun = mean), verbose=TRUE]
DT[, fun(Petal.Width), env = list(fun = "mean"), verbose=TRUE]
```

User will usually want to substitute function name rather than function body.

> In case of any doubts on the `env` interface functioning user is advised to look at `verbose` output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of any doubts on the `env` interface functioning, set `verbose = TRUE` to inspect how expressions are resolved internally.
```
